Update LICENSE and README (#110)
go-ping/ping: README.md

pinger.Run()
```

It sends ICMP Echo Request packet(s) and waits for an Echo Reply in

> response. If it receives a response, it calls the "receive" callback.
> When it's finished, it calls the "finish" callback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
response. If it receives a response, it calls the "OnRecv" callback.
When it's finished, it calls the "OnFinish" callback.
```
